[Stretching]
Hey, Tails, don't you think
it's time we took a break?
Well, there seems to be a problem
with the security system,
and I want to find out why.
But you can go.
Don't you want help?
Nah, I can handle it myself.
Hopefully we'll all have
plenty of time to rest up.
Since there aren't
any Metarex around,
things should stay pretty quiet.
I sure hope you're right, Tails.
Me, too.
[Yawning]
Okay. That should work.
Now I'll restart the system.
[Beeping]
[Alarm blares]
Aaah!
Huh!
Red alert! Red alert!
We have an intruder
on board the ship!
Chao!
Uh...
Ah!
Aaah!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
-Gotta go fast
-Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
You traitor!
[Gasp]
Ah...
Cosmo!
[Gasp]
Huh!
Aaaah!
Huh.
Hold it, Shadow!
You mind telling me
what this is all about?
Hm?
Hm.
Huh!
[Both struggling]
Sonic!
Hurry! Grab Cosmo and run!
Huh?
[Grunt]
Cosmo, what happened?
I woke up. Shadow was there.
He said something strange to me.
[Both panting]
[Panting]
Sonic! Can you hear me?!
What's going on?
CREAM: Sonic and Chris got
hurt in a fight with Shadow!
They'll be okay,
but it'll take some time
for them to recover.
KNUCKLES: Why were they fighting?
It's really confusing.
For some reason, Shadow was
trying to attack Cosmo.
So he is our enemy!
Don't even think about going
after Shadow right now!
Find Tails and Cosmo and
make sure they're safe.
That's an order!
I know what I'm doing!
Nobody will be safe on this
ship until we stop Shadow.
Accessing ship's internal sensors.
Two heat signals detected.
Standby for visual.
What are you doing, Tails?
If Shadow has access
to our computer,
he could use the internal
sensors to track us.
I have to block him from
accessing the data.
That should do it.
Hmm?
I think it worked.
Bypass code: six-delta-three.
No way! He got through!
[Both panting]
Hurry, Cosmo!
[Panting]
Huh? [Thud]
Shadow! Pick on somebody
your own size!
Hm...
[Breathing heavily]
Why is Shadow against me?
Maybe Eggman sent him to get you.
It's even possible that Shadow's
working for the Metarex.
[Gasp] The Metarex?
Anyway, it doesn't matter
who gave him the orders.
[Gasp]
Either way, Shadow
isn't going to give up
until he finishes what he started.
But I don't want you
to worry, Cosmo.
I promise everything will be okay.
Because if Shadow
tries to hurt you,
he'll have to get past me, first!
Thank you...
Huh!
[Grunting]
[Growling]
[Grunt]
Argh!
Come back here!
ROUGE: Are all red-heads
as temperamental as you?
You'll be safe once we get
away on the X Tornado.
Prepare for takeoff.
Hold on, Cosmo!
Everything'll be okay.
Aah!
Hand that girl over, now.
I don't wanna fight you, Tails,
but I will if I have to.
Cosmo never did
anything to harm you!
Why are you after her anyway?
I'm not going to tell you.
Now move aside, or you'll be sorry.
Forget it, Shadow!
I won't let you hurt Cosmo!
I'm warning you!
Ah...
This is your last chance, Tails.
Give up now, or face
the consequences.
Well, what are you here for?
Strain your brain and guess.
Are you working with Shadow
to help him attack Cosmo?
Bingo. You're not as
dim-witted as you look.
Why are you doing this?
I'm surprised you and your
spaced-out crew mates
haven't figured that
out for yourselves.
That girl Cosmo's a real plant.
In more ways than one.
I'm not kidding around, Rouge!
You and Shadow can
communicate, can't you?
Mm-hmm.
Does that make you feel jealous?
Call him now!
Or I'll knock that
smirk off your face!
No need to be pushy.
Shadow, come in.
It's Rouge.
ROUGE: Shadow, do you read me?
Come in, Shadow.
Is something wrong?
Shadow, why aren't you answering?
Shadow? Shadow?
It's no use. He's not responding.
I hope Tails and
Cosmo are all right.
Back off, Shadow, or I'll
have to stop you myself.
Don't be a fool. I'm too powerful.
Yeah? Well, I've got the X Tornado!
[Grunt]
Huh!
Aah!
[Grunt]
Huh!
Whoa!
Something just blew
up in the hangar.
I've gotta reach Tails
before it's too late!
Danger alert. All stun
lasers lock on target.
Here he comes!
It's okay.
Just trust me.
Huh?
[Grunt]
Huh!
Almost there!
[Grunting]
Ah!
Huh?
Oof!
Come on, Cosmo!
[Panting]
Aah!
Guh!
[Both gasp]
It's Knuckles!
[Straining]
Get out of here, quick!
[Grunting]
Aaaah!
I've had enough of you, Shadow!
Go! Now!
Be careful, Knuckles.
Trying to challenge
me is a big mistake.
And you're going to regret it.
I've always wanted to Shadow-box.
As you wish!
[Grunt]
Aah!
Ooof!
Ah!
It's a dead end!
We have to find another way out!
Aah!
Come on!
[Panting]
Please hurry! Shadow will
catch up with us soon!
Sooner than you think.
Grrrr...
I guess this is it.
Wait a second, Shadow.
If you insist on getting rid of me,
you should at least
tell me the reason why.
I do have a reason.
But I won't tell you what it is.
There's no point in
putting up a fight,
because you can't beat me.
You don't have to do this!
You won't talk me out of getting
rid of you, so don't try.
Ah...
Stay back!
I won't let you near her!
Do you seriously believe
a door can stop me?
Maybe you're not as
strong as you think!
This will be too easy.
Huh?
Huh!
[Groaning]
Whoa!
Ah!
I'll spin free!
Shadow fell right into my trap!
Activate Sonic Power Cannon now!
[Grunting]
[Panting]
We lucked out, Cosmo.
Shadow started spinning
at just the right time.
You should be safe now.
Hm.
Mm.
Let's go.
It's okay!
Tails said Shadow went to space.
Way to go, buddy.
Where's Shadow?
He's gone now.
Tails was able to use
the Sonic Power Cannon
to send Shadow on a long trip.
And you're next!
Unless you tell me what's goin' on!
Your foxy friend just
made a huge mistake.
Cosmo is the real
enemy, not Shadow.
Hm?
Hm.
I'm sorry I'm causing
you so much trouble.
You don't have to apologize, Cosmo.
You mean a lot to me,
and the only thing I care about
is making sure that you're safe.
Hm!
Aah!
This Emerald is a fake!
Let's settle this now!
[Yelling]
Huh!
Oof!
Uh...
He's hurt.
Uh!
[Grunting]
Ah!
What have I done?
[Gasp]
Oh...!
Let's get this over with.
[Quaking]
Grrr!
Aaah!
Hm?
[Groaning]
Leave her alone. [Groan]
If you don't, you'll be sorry.
Hm.
Huh?
Huh!
Aah!
Aaah!
Oh!
[Both struggling]
Ah!
[Whimpering]
[Both gasping]
Well done, Cosmo.
Or should I say, White Seed.
[Gasp]
You have now completed
your mission.
Huh?
White Seed...
Mission...
What mission?
What is he talking about?
Aaah!
Aah!
[Panting]
It's too late.
The Metarex are coming.
If you want to survive,
then listen to me.
Pay close attention.
Don't...
Don't... listen...
From now on, you will
report everything to me.
Your eyes will be my eyes.
Your ears will be my ears.
You will be the ultimate spy.
Your code name will be White Seed.
[Screaming]